[CO-2860] Updated /users/export/ids documentation to reflect the new rate limit / request param (#7968)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _includes/rate_limits.md

<!---/users/export/ids-->

{% elsif include.endpoint == "users export ids" %}

> For customers who onboarded with Braze on or after August 22, 2024, we apply a rate limit of 250 requests per minute to this endpoint, as documented in [API rate limits]({{site.baseurl}}/api/api_limits/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint has a rate limit of 250 requests per minute, as documented in [API rate limits]({{site.baseurl}}/api/api_limits/).
```
